Personal Access Token documentation updates (#572)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens.mdx

---
title: "Personal Access Tokens"
description: >-
  Step-by-step guide on generating and managing your personal access tokens required to use the RudderStack API.
---

# Personal Access Tokens

> To consume all the public RudderStack APIs, you will need an access token associated with your RudderStack account. This guide describes the steps to generate a **personal access token** and the operations associated with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To consume all the public RudderStack APIs, you need an access token associated with your RudderStack account. This guide describes the steps to generate a **personal access token** and the operations associated with it.
```

> To consume all the public RudderStack APIs, you will need an access token associated with your RudderStack account. This guide describes the steps to generate your **personal access token** and the operations associated with it.

Reviewer 2: Should change "generate **your**" to "generate **a**"

> To consume all the public RudderStack APIs, you will need an access token associated with your RudderStack account. This guide describes the steps to generate your **personal access token** and the operations associated with it.

Author: ```suggestion
To consume all the public RudderStack APIs, you will need an access token associated with your RudderStack account. This guide describes the steps to generate a **personal access token** and the operations associated with it.
```

## Generating a personal access token

Follow these steps to generate a personal access token:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).

> 2. Go to **Settings** > **Personal access tokens**, as shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Settings** > **Personal access tokens**, as shown:
```

<img src="../assets/rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens-1.png" alt="Personal access tokens setting in RudderStack dashboard" />

> 3. Click on **Generate new token**.

Reviewer: It would be great if we can include the 'Generate new token' option in the above screenshot

Author: added a new screenshot

4. Enter your **Token name** and select the permissions (**Role**) associated with this token, from the dropdown:

<img src="../assets/rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens-2.png" alt="Personal access token name and role" />

5. Then, click on **Generate**.
6. Copy and save the personal access token details securely.

<img src="../assets/rudderstack-api/personal-access-tokens-3.png" alt="Personal access token details" />

<div class="warningBlock">

> Make sure you copy the generated token. You will not be able to see the token details again once you close this window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you copy the generated token as it will not be visible again once you close this window.
```

</div>

## Deleting a personal access token

To delete an existing token, click on the corresponding **Delete** option next to that token, and confirm by clicking on **Yes, delete**.

To delete all the existing tokens, click on the **Revoke all** button on the top right and click on **Yes, delete**.

## Permissions

> RudderStack Cloud users with the[**Read-Write**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/teammates/#read-write) or [**Admin**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/teammates/#admin) access permissions can create their own access tokens and use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RudderStack Cloud users only with [Read-Write](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/teammates/#read-write) or [Admin](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/teammates/#admin) access permissions can create their own access tokens and use them.
```
